my first came to the boss's farm it was
a whole new world to me everyone here
seemed to know their place the boss and
his wife the sheepdogs she oh we've got
to do something about that duck now I
just have to figure out there who are
you the little pigs a bit low he's going
to sleep with us where are you you Pig
what are you are you young this is the
story of a brave soul who was trying to
find his destiny remember you have to
dominate them bend them to your will
he knew his path would not be easy not a
duck thinks it's a rooster it's a pig
that thinks it's a I should accept what
he is and be thankful for it but now
he's determined
they're inferior to take care of
business
all a nice little pig like you need to
do is ask he's worried thanks very much
it was very kind of a pleasure little
Pope from Universal Pictures comes the
story of baby you look like an
intelligent sophisticated descending out
the pig with the gift of gab and a heart